add vesting schedules RFC (#1376)
ComposableFi/composable: rfcs/0006-vesting-schedules.md

> Design Proposal: Pablo Fees & Staking Rewards Distribution

Reviewer: Let's update and cleanup things that are not relevant from copy

==========================================================

Table of Contents

- [1. Abstract](#1-abstract)
- [2. Background](#2-background)
- [3. Use Cases](#3-requirements)
- [4. Method](#4-method)
  - [4.1. Structs](#41-structs)
  - [4.2. Storage](#42-storage)
  - [4.3. Events](#43-events)
  - [4.4. Errors](#44-errors)
  - [4.5. Extrinsics](#45-extrinsics)
    - [4.5.1 vested_transfer](#451-vested_transfer)
    - [4.5.2 claim](#452-claim)

## 1. Abstract

This document proposes that vesting schedules are tracked individually, instead of being tracked as a group based on their asset id.

## 2. Background

Currently, the `vesting` pallet groups vesting schedules by `asset id`. This means that if a user has multiple
vesting schedules for the same asset, they will all be grouped together, and there will be no distinction between
them. Therefore, when a user wants to `claim`, it is only possible to claim **everything** that has been vested for
a given asset. We need to change this in order to allow users to claim only a chosen vesting schedule.

## 3. Requirements

The vesting pallet

> 1. MUST keep track of individual vesting schedules for each asset.

Reviewer: Normally the requirements has to be written from the usage perspective rather than what is done technically. Here the actual requirement is already spelled out in the second requirement, so we can skip this one

2. MUST allow a user to choose which vesting schedule to claim.

> 3. MUST include the claimed schedule in the corresponding event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. External systems(eg: FE, Subsquid) MUST be able to track the claimed vesting schedules.
```

> 4. MUST not do anything when a non-existent vesting schedule is claimed.

Reviewer: I think we can skip this one as it's pretty obvious

> 5. SHOULD allow users to claim **all** vesting schedules for the same asset, by not specifying a `vesting_schedule_id`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Existing functionality so not mentioning it will imply the functionality will remain the same
